run:
Reading POS tagger model from E:\Disertation\APIs\stanford-postagger-full-2014-01-04\models\english-left3words-distsim.tagger ... done [1.4 sec].
CanonG3.txt output:
Total correction: 0
Total correction: 0
Total review: 51
Total review: 51
Most Important Features: 
1 : zoom=1.6156462
2 : time=1.5364083
3 : image=2.7667885
4 : g2=1.7857143
5 : g3=6.717687
6 : lcd=1.8707484
7 : lens=5.6122446
8 : cf=1.1904762
9 : megapixel=1.2755102
10 : moment=1.1054422
11 : olympus=1.5306122
12 : slr=1.0204082
13 : shutter=1.3605442
14 : canon=4.846939
15 : result=1.4455782
16 : setting=1.4259112
17 : camera=18.111675
18 : unit=1.1054422
19 : flash=3.8265307
20 : mode=2.7210884
21 : point=1.046441
22 : shot=1.471611
23 : picture=7.7311597
24 : film=3.1462584
rev: 50
Cluster Count: 
244
106
54
40
38
29
29
29
27
23
22
22
18
15
15
14
12
12
12
11
10
7
6
3
camera	 :4.5692883 Stars
camera with a count 244
1  the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
2  ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
3  bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
4  in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
5  this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
6  just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
7  i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
8  i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
9  after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
10  [t]canon g3 ? incredible camera
11  in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
12  when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
13  the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
14  i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
15  [t]awesome pro-sumer camera
16  a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
17  not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
18  the nikon 's are great cameras .
19  her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
20  if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
21  the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
22  olympus c5050 is a very solid camera with a metal body .
23  the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
24  [t]great camera
25  flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
26  nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
27  please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
28  i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
29  i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
30  i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review .
31  9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
32  this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
33  [t]this camera is closest to perfect than any otherdigicam
34  this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
35  [t]best camera i 've used
36  2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
37  [t]fantastic digital camera
38  the camera has a wonderful set of features .
39  most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
40  the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
41  the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
42  the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
43  and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
44  the powershot g3 is a great camera .
45  a lot of research went into digital camera 's before i made this purchase , and hands down , the g3 had everything i needed plus more .
46  i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
47  it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
48  the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
49  recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
50  4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
51  i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
52  the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
53  prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
54  very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
55  i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
56  [t]great camera
57  the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
58  although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
59  the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
60  this camera has a major design flaw .
61  but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
62  everything else about the camera is great .
63  but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
64  this is a great camera for you !
65  a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
66  this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
67  it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can 't access them quickly when you need them !
68  with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
69  i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
70  this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
71  if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
72  i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
73  [t]the last digital camera i 'll buy
74  [t]outstanding camera
75  i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
76  this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
77  i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
78  i just bought the camera a few days ago .
79  i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
80  i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
81  overall it is the best camera on the market .
82  but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
83  this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
84  the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
85  this is my first digital camera .
86  even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
87  [t]ok for a digital camera
88  i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
89  based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
90  simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
91  it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
92  this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
93  all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
94  because this camera is beautiful .
95  [t]best non-slr digital camera under 5 megapixels
96  its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
97  the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
98  one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
99  as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
100  the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
101  if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
102  for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
103  rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
104  i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
105  am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
106  [t]great camera but g2 will do the same for less
107  definetely a great camera .
108  very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
109  a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
110  poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
111  i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
112  i am quite happy with the camera .
113  ( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
114  it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
115  battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
116  this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
117  i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
118  it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..
119  the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
120  however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
121  instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
122  another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .
123  i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
124  i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
125  [t]excellent camera
126  however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
127  the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
128  [t]great digital camera
129  after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
130  if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
131  unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
132  my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
133  i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
134  and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
picture	 :4.690265 Stars
picture with a count 106
1  [t]excellent picture quality / color
2  the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
3  3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
4  takes excellent photos .
5  i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
6  i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visible loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
7  there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
8  i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
9  but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
10  the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
11  as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
12  [t]the pictures are brillient
13  just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
14  a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
15  in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
16  it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
17  i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
18  i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .
19  with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
20  - the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
21  and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
22  + they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
23  + takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
24  great colors , pictures and white balance .
25  took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
26  1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
27  when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
28  the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
29  it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
30  the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
31  this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
32  i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
33  the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
34  for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
35  the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
36  this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
37  i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
38  the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
39  the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
40  newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
41  4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
42  make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
43  to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
44  it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
45  very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
46  because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
47  what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
48  what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
49  i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
50  i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
51  dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
52  by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
53  i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
54  having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
55  i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
56  the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
57  manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .
g3	 :4.6551723 Stars
g3 with a count 54
1  i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
2  the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
3  at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
4  i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
5  the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
6  just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
7  i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
8  now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
9  recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
10  but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
11  i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
12  contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
13  fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
14  ( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
15  i can't use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
16  those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .
17  for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
18  unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
19  this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
20  yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
21  but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
22  what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
23  the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
24  i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
25  what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
26  despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
27  after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
28  the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
29  8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
30  i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
31  unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
32  i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
33  there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
34  the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
35  the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
image	 :4.878049 Stars
image with a count 40
1  a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
2  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
3  the included memory card is too small .
4  i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
5  i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
6  but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
7  and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
8  without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
9  and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
10  i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
11  i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
12  maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
13  after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
14  the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
15  now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
16  the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
17  the image quality is excellent .
18  as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
19  overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
20  a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
21  but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
flash	 :4.634146 Stars
flash with a count 38
1  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
2  this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
3  the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
4  i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
5  the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
6  i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
7  the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
8  ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
9  bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
10  flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
11  it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
12  i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
13  i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
14  unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem can't easily be solved .
15  but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
16  contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
17  the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isn't , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
18  fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
19  the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
zoom	 :4.833333 Stars
zoom with a count 29
1  the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
2  i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
3  the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
4  4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
5  + they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
6  i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
7  the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
8  has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
9  3 ) 4x zoom is nice
10  the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
11  the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
12  the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
lens	 :4.0277777 Stars
lens with a count 29
1  2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
2  yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
3  the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
4  i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
5  the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
6  one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
7  about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
8  + you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
9  however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
10  they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
11  my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
12  b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidentally finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
13  ( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
14  the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
15  the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
16  * lens visible in optical viewfinder .
17  ( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
18  to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
19  the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
mode	 :4.677419 Stars
mode with a count 29
1  i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
2  you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
3  and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
4  hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
5  6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
6  ( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
7  but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
8  it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
9  the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
10  now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
11  the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
12  the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
13  night mode is clear as day .
14  i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
15  the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
16  the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
17  got way too many blurry pictures .
18  with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
19  in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
time	 :4.090909 Stars
time with a count 27
1  what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
2  my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
3  most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
4  i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
5  the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
6  crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
7  although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
8  but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
9  at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
10  i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
11  the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
12  at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
13  a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
14  i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
15  i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
16  b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidentally finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
17  the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
18  but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
19  i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
20  you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
21  not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
22  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
23  next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
film	 :4.259259 Stars
film with a count 23
1  poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
2  the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
3  and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
4  this is not the same thing as a film camera .
5  but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
6  i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
7  you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
8  first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
9  without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
10  [t]you 'll take more pics
11  i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
12  i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
13  7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
14  in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
15  a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
16  in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
17  and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
canon	 :4.074074 Stars
canon with a count 22
1  i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
2  canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
3  i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
4  the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
5  the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
6  canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
7  canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
8  great job canon !
9  still i am a little surprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
10  ( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ).
11  despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
12  this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
13  i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
14  the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
15  i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
16  i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
17  i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
18  proven canon built quality and lens .
lcd	 :4.4 Stars
lcd with a count 22
1  - the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
2  4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
3  i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
4  the moveable lcd screen is great .
5  ( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
6  - i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very useful .
7  however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
8  when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
9  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
10  after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
11  it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
12  the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
point	 :4.736842 Stars
point with a count 18
1  for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
2  if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
3  range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
4  what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
5  this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
6  another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
7  rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
8  good points :
9  anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
10  once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
setting	 :4.6875 Stars
setting with a count 15
1  for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
2  by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
3  newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
4  the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
5  you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
6  with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
7  there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
8  i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visible loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
9  1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
10  it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
g2	 :5.0 Stars
g2 with a count 15
1  looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
2  personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
3  a few of my work constituents owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
4  some of the great gains over g2 --
5  i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
6  being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
7  [t]great camera but g2 will do the same for less
8  the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
9  2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
10  ( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
11  it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
shutter	 :3.6842105 Stars
shutter with a count 14
1  once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
2  the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
3  at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
4  i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
5  i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
6  it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
7  you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
8  the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
9  the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
10  in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
megapixel	 :5.0 Stars
megapixel with a count 12
1  4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
2  just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
3  the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
4  overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
5  there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
6  this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
7  4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
8  i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
9  four megapixels is great .
shot	 :3.5294118 Stars
shot with a count 12
1  it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
2  i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
3  i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
4  the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
5  based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
6  i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
7  ( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
8  as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
result	 :5.0 Stars
result with a count 12
1  the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
2  overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
3  any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
4  messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
5  in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
6  6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
7  4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
8  as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
slr	 :4.5833335 Stars
slr with a count 11
1  the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
2  [t]if you love an slr 35mm but need to go digital
3  1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
4  what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
5  in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
6  i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
unit	 :3.846154 Stars
unit with a count 10
1  this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
2  i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
3  the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
4  the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
5  the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
olympus	 :4.375 Stars
olympus with a count 7
1  from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
2  i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
3  i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
4  i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
5  i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
cf	 :4.285714 Stars
cf with a count 6
1  i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
2  there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
3  its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
4  i received the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
moment	 :5.0 Stars
moment with a count 3
1  8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
2  the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
OverAll Rating is : 4.479911 Out of 5 Stars
Negative summery is: 
1  maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .

2  this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .

3  the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .

4  i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .

5  it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .

6  the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .

7  i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .

8  another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .

9  i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .

10  these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .

11  i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !

12  but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .

13  i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !

14  i would recommend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !

15  1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .

1  2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )

2  i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .

3  b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidentally finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .

4  in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .

5  ( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .

6  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .

7  to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .

1  this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .

2  i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .

3  always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !

4  got way too many blurry pictures .

5  nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .

6  well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .

1  poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .

2  crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .

3  although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .

4  as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .

5  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .

1  the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .

2  1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )

3  although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .

4  the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .

5  needless to say , the canon won , hands down .

1  it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .

2  these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .

3  the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .

4  i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .

5  you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .

1  once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .

2  i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .

3  i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .

4  the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .

1  poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .

2  as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .

3  it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .

4  i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .

1  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .

2  for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .

3  being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .

1  - the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .

2  4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )

3  - i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very useful .

1  the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .

2  unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem can't easily be solved .

3  i can't use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .

1  the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .

2  the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )

1  the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .

2  the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .

1  negative points :

1  9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .

1  the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .

1  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .

1  i would recommend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !

1  1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )

1  the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .

FINAL RESULT: 
J: 0  0  picture  excellent  1
J: 1  2  camera  easy  1
J: 2  2  camera  recent  1
J: 3  2  picture  past  1
J: 4  2  picture  elderly  1
J: 5  4  mode  green  1
J: 6  7  g2  few  1
J: 7  8  picture  visible  1
J: 8  8  setting  best  1
J: 9  8  setting  possible  1
J: 10  8  setting  super  1
J: 11  9  flash  larger  1
J: 12  9  flash  larger  1
J: 13  9  flash  larger  1
J: 14  9  camera  4mp  1
J: 15  10  camera  bottom  1
J: 16  10  camera  easy  1
J: 17  10  camera  flexible  1
J: 18  10  camera  powerful  1
J: 19  10  flash  external  1
J: 20  11  picture  excellent  1
J: 21  11  picture  many  1
J: 22  12  canon  great  1
J: 23  15  camera  first  1
J: 24  15  camera  digital  1
J: 25  16  camera  keen  1
J: 26  16  camera  technical  1
J: 27  16  camera  digital  1
J: 28  16  g3  worth  1
J: 29  16  g3  single  1
J: 30  17  g3  little  1
J: 31  17  camera  slr-like  1
J: 32  17  megapixel  full  1
J: 33  17  picture  manual  1
J: 34  19  lens  different  1
J: 35  20  image  4mp  1
J: 36  20  image  bigger  1
J: 37  20  image  high  1
J: 38  21  cf  great  1
J: 39  22  image  good  1
J: 40  22  image  cf  1
J: 41  26  lens  visible  1
J: 42  26  lens  optical  1
J: 43  27  lens  old-school  1
J: 44  27  lens  die-hard  -1
J: 45  27  lens  optical  1
J: 46  27  lcd  brilliant  1
J: 47  30  camera  incredible  1
J: 48  31  megapixel  extensive  1
J: 49  31  megapixel  different  1
J: 50  32  camera  online  1
J: 51  32  camera  helpful  1
J: 52  32  camera  complete  1
J: 53  32  camera  exhaustive  1
J: 54  32  camera  great  1
J: 55  32  image  high  1
J: 56  34  camera  awesome  1
J: 57  35  picture  online  1
J: 58  35  picture  great  1
J: 59  35  picture  pleased  1
J: 60  35  camera  functional  1
J: 61  36  setting  automatic  1
J: 62  36  picture  bad  1
J: 63  37  mode  panoramic  1
J: 64  37  picture  multiple  1
J: 65  37  image  seamless  1
J: 66  37  image  panoramic  1
J: 67  38  canon  enormous  1
J: 68  40  camera  great  1
J: 69  41  g3  satisfied  1
J: 70  43  g3  many  1
J: 71  43  g3  useful  1
J: 72  43  camera  many  1
J: 73  43  camera  smaller  1
J: 74  43  camera  digital  1
J: 75  43  camera  easy  1
J: 76  43  shutter  steady  1
J: 77  43  shutter  slower  -1
J: 78  45  lens  visible  1
J: 79  45  lens  wide  1
J: 80  45  lcd  most  1
J: 81  45  time  much  1
J: 82  46  canon  little  1
J: 83  46  canon  surprised  1
J: 84  47  canon  minor  1
J: 85  47  g3  serious  1
J: 86  47  g3  digital  1
J: 87  49  camera  full  1
J: 88  49  camera  wonderful  1
J: 89  51  camera  most  1
J: 90  51  camera  own  1
J: 91  51  camera  digital  1
J: 92  52  time  little  1
J: 93  53  unit  darn  1
J: 94  54  unit  small  -1
J: 95  54  unit  hard  -1
J: 96  54  unit  accurate  1
J: 97  55  camera  much  1
J: 98  55  camera  more  1
J: 99  55  camera  accurate  1
J: 100  58  setting  creative  1
J: 101  58  picture  excellent  1
J: 102  60  lcd  great  1
J: 103  61  camera  right  1
J: 104  61  camera  semi-serious  1
J: 105  61  camera  amateur  1
J: 106  62  zoom  nice  1
J: 107  63  result  great  1
J: 108  63  result  digital  1
J: 109  63  result  general  1
J: 110  65  mode  on-screen  1
J: 111  65  mode  helpful  1
J: 112  65  mode  tough  1
J: 113  67  slr  bulky  -1
J: 114  67  slr  same  1
J: 115  67  slr  heavy  1
J: 116  67  canon  solid  -1
J: 117  68  lens  ergonomical  -1
J: 118  68  lens  point-and-shoot  1
J: 119  70  camera  fantastic  1
J: 120  70  camera  digital  1
J: 121  71  camera  wonderful  1
J: 122  72  picture  easy  1
J: 123  74  zoom  optical  1
J: 124  74  zoom  great  1
J: 125  74  zoom  digital  1
J: 126  74  picture  nice  1
J: 127  74  zoom  highest  1
J: 128  74  zoom  digital  1
J: 129  74  zoom  little  1
J: 130  74  zoom  blurry  -1
J: 131  75  zoom  highest  1
J: 132  75  zoom  optical  1
J: 133  75  picture  perfect  1
J: 134  76  picture  usual  1
J: 135  76  picture  digital  1
J: 136  76  picture  purple  1
J: 137  76  picture  pleased  1
J: 138  77  picture  digital  1
J: 139  77  picture  nice  1
J: 140  77  picture  easy  1
J: 141  78  camera  only  1
J: 142  78  camera  minor  1
J: 143  78  lens  snug  1
J: 144  80  camera  fantastic  1
J: 145  82  g3  recent  1
J: 146  82  g3  best  1
J: 147  82  camera  digital  1
J: 148  82  camera  available  1
J: 149  84  setting  full  1
J: 150  84  picture  perfect  1
J: 151  85  megapixel  photo  1
J: 152  85  megapixel  awesome  1
J: 153  88  g3  comfortable  1
J: 154  88  g3  friendly  1
J: 155  89  point  more  1
J: 156  89  point  huge  1
J: 157  89  point  moderate  1
J: 158  90  zoom  extended  1
J: 159  90  lens  faster  1
J: 160  93  g3  potential  1
J: 161  93  camera  first-class  1
J: 162  93  camera  digital  1
J: 163  93  camera  reasonable  1
J: 164  93  camera  better  -1
J: 165  94  picture  great  1
J: 166  94  picture  easy  1
J: 167  94  picture  single  1
J: 168  94  picture  user-friendly  1
J: 169  94  picture  beautiful  1
J: 170  94  picture  chrome  1
J: 171  98  olympus  clumsy-looking  -1
J: 172  98  canon  user-interface  1
J: 173  98  canon  friendly  -1
J: 174  98  camera  other  1
J: 175  99  unit  larger  1
J: 176  99  unit  compact-flash  1
J: 177  99  unit  least  1
J: 178  100  canon  great  1
J: 179  101  camera  great  1
J: 180  103  camera  good  1
J: 181  104  time  same  1
J: 182  105  cf  larger  1
J: 183  107  canon  great  1
J: 184  109  image  256mb  1
J: 185  109  image  highest  1
J: 186  110  lcd  other  1
J: 187  110  lcd  other  1
J: 188  110  lcd  optical  1
J: 189  110  film  less  1
J: 190  111  canon  proprietary  -1
J: 191  111  time  long  1
J: 192  111  camera  more  1
J: 193  111  camera  spare  1
J: 194  112  slr  digital  1
J: 195  113  camera  great  1
J: 196  114  mode  easy  1
J: 197  115  picture  great  1
J: 198  117  picture  able  1
J: 199  117  picture  great  1
J: 200  117  picture  4th  1
J: 201  117  shot  amazing  1
J: 202  119  camera  intuitive  1
J: 203  120  point  manual  1
J: 204  120  point  able  1
J: 205  120  point  located  1
J: 206  121  mode  quick  1
J: 207  121  mode  shutter  1
J: 208  121  mode  high  1
J: 209  121  mode  focal  1
J: 210  121  mode  full  1
J: 211  121  camera  ideal  1
J: 212  121  camera  photo  1
J: 213  122  mode  manual  1
J: 214  122  mode  easy  1
J: 215  122  mode  fast  1
J: 216  122  mode  shutter  1
J: 217  123  camera  good  1
J: 218  124  camera  great  1
J: 219  127  cf  lexar  -1
J: 220  127  camera  small  -1
J: 221  127  camera  slow  -1
J: 222  129  camera  outstanding  1
J: 223  130  camera  first  1
J: 224  130  camera  digital  1
J: 225  130  camera  pleased  1
J: 226  131  camera  whole  -1
J: 227  131  camera  happy  1
J: 228  133  time  same  1
J: 229  133  picture  wonderful  1
J: 230  133  mode  average  1
J: 231  134  megapixel  great  1
J: 232  135  camera  fine  1
J: 233  137  point  simple  1
J: 234  138  camera  outstanding  1
J: 235  138  camera  simple  1
J: 236  143  picture  excellent  1
J: 237  144  mode  clear  1
J: 238  145  camera  easy  1
J: 239  146  lens  only  1
J: 240  147  lcd  minor  1
J: 241  148  camera  best  1
J: 242  151  camera  more  1
J: 243  151  camera  nikon  1
J: 244  152  picture  brillient  1
J: 245  153  camera  few  1
J: 246  155  picture  great  1
J: 247  155  time  digital  1
J: 248  156  lens  loose  -1
J: 249  156  time  finger-printed  1
J: 250  156  time  few  1
J: 251  156  lens  potential  1
J: 252  164  picture  great  1
J: 253  165  picture  great  1
J: 254  165  picture  white  1
J: 255  166  zoom  optical  1
J: 256  166  zoom  higher  1
J: 257  166  zoom  other  1
J: 258  166  zoom  same  1
J: 259  168  camera  digital  1
J: 260  169  camera  disappointing  -1
J: 261  170  shot  few  1
J: 262  170  shot  expensive  -1
J: 263  173  result  superior  1
J: 264  173  result  minimal  1
J: 265  175  camera  low  1
J: 266  175  camera  light  1
J: 267  180  time  next  1
J: 268  181  picture  great  -1
J: 269  182  picture  outdoor  1
J: 270  182  picture  awesome  1
J: 271  186  point  simple  1
J: 272  186  point  cheaper  1
J: 273  186  point  digital  1
J: 274  189  camera  high  1
J: 275  193  film  versatile  -1
J: 276  195  film  long-time  -1
J: 277  195  film  responsive  1
J: 278  195  slr  professional  1
J: 279  195  flash  external  1
J: 280  196  zoom  first  1
J: 281  197  slr  digital  1
J: 282  197  slr  full  1
J: 283  200  image  high  1
J: 284  200  image  clean  1
J: 285  201  time  long  1
J: 286  201  time  focus-locks  1
J: 287  201  time  bright  1
J: 288  201  flash  unsatisfactory  -1
J: 289  201  flash  light  1
J: 290  201  flash  built-in  1
J: 291  202  time  focus-lock  -1
J: 292  202  time  point-and-shoot  -1
J: 293  202  film  modern  -1
J: 294  203  shutter  least  1
J: 295  203  shutter  youve  1
J: 296  203  g3  second  1
J: 297  203  g3  better  1
J: 298  203  g3  available  1
J: 299  204  time  focus-lock  1
J: 300  204  point  extreme  1
J: 301  204  point  obtainable  1
J: 302  205  shutter  restless  -1
J: 303  205  shutter  amusing  1
J: 304  205  shutter  reasonable  1
J: 305  207  flash  relative  1
J: 306  207  flash  external  1
J: 307  207  flash  internal  1
J: 308  207  g3  harsh  -1
J: 309  207  image  flat  1
J: 310  207  image  ugly  -1
J: 311  207  image  hot  1
J: 312  208  g3  hot  1
J: 313  208  flash  external  1
J: 314  208  flash  highest  1
J: 315  208  flash  external  1
J: 316  209  flash  external  -1
J: 317  209  g3  proper  1
J: 318  210  g3  absolute  1
J: 319  210  g3  ultimate  1
J: 320  211  mode  manual  1
J: 321  211  shutter  f-stop  1
J: 322  212  g3  contrary  1
J: 323  212  flash  second  1
J: 324  212  flash  third-party  1
J: 325  212  flash  dedicated  1
J: 326  213  shutter  second  1
J: 327  213  time  most  1
J: 328  215  flash  most  1
J: 329  217  flash  neutral  1
J: 330  217  flash  available  -1
J: 331  217  flash  first  1
J: 332  219  g3  acceptable  1
J: 333  219  image  stunning  1
J: 334  220  mode  tilted  1
J: 335  221  image  shadow-free  1
J: 336  221  image  gentlest  1
J: 337  221  image  natural  1
J: 338  222  g3  more  1
J: 339  222  image  raw  1
J: 340  222  image  raw  1
J: 341  222  mode  first  1
J: 342  222  image  raw  1
J: 343  223  image  raw  1
J: 344  223  image  present  1
J: 345  223  image  raw  1
J: 346  223  image  raw  1
J: 347  223  setting  image-affecting  1
J: 348  224  camera  second  1
J: 349  225  image  true  1
J: 350  225  image  raw  1
J: 351  227  camera  raw  1
J: 352  227  camera  plug-in  1
J: 353  228  g3  plug-in  1
J: 354  228  g3  stunning  1
J: 355  228  g3  raw  1
J: 356  229  film  accurate  1
J: 357  229  film  realistic  1
J: 358  229  film  ive  1
J: 359  229  image  raw  1
J: 360  230  camera  raw  1
J: 361  230  camera  plug-in  1
J: 362  231  g3  raw  1
J: 363  231  picture  uncritical  1
J: 364  232  picture  plug-in  1
J: 365  233  image  least  1
J: 366  233  image  photorealistic  1
J: 367  233  image  ive  1
J: 368  234  image  stunned  1
J: 369  234  image  raw  1
J: 370  234  flash  professional  1
J: 371  234  camera  ive  1
J: 372  234  camera  better  -1
J: 373  237  camera  perfect  1
J: 374  237  point  easy  1
J: 375  238  time  most  1
J: 376  239  camera  most  1
J: 377  239  camera  digital  1
J: 378  241  picture  manual  1
J: 379  241  picture  excellent  1
J: 380  241  picture  quick  1
J: 381  241  picture  astounding  1
J: 382  242  camera  good  1
J: 383  242  camera  other  1
J: 384  242  camera  similar  1
J: 385  242  camera  digital  1
J: 386  242  camera  best  1
J: 387  243  lens  perfect  -1
J: 388  243  lcd  enough  1
J: 389  243  time  cheapest  -1
J: 390  243  time  best  1
J: 391  244  camera  many  1
J: 392  244  camera  digital  1
J: 393  246  camera  great  1
J: 394  246  camera  digital  1
J: 395  247  camera  positive  1
J: 396  247  camera  leading  1
J: 397  247  camera  online  1
J: 398  248  camera  different  1
J: 399  251  time  perfect  1
J: 400  252  picture  more  1
J: 401  252  picture  topnotch  1
J: 402  255  setting  ready  1
J: 403  255  picture  able  1
J: 404  255  picture  excellent  1
J: 405  255  picture  contrary  1
J: 406  255  picture  other  1
J: 407  256  shutter  tremendous  1
J: 408  256  mode  manual  1
J: 409  257  picture  coastal  1
J: 410  257  picture  able  1
J: 411  257  picture  additional  1
J: 412  257  picture  macro-focussing  1
J: 413  257  picture  wonderful  1
J: 414  257  picture  other  1
J: 415  258  lens  only  1
J: 416  258  lens  legitimate  1
J: 417  258  lens  online  1
J: 418  262  camera  positive  1
J: 419  262  camera  great  1
J: 420  262  camera  little  -1
J: 421  264  g2  great  1
J: 422  264  g3  negative  -1
J: 423  264  g3  difficult  -1
J: 424  264  g2  perfect  1
J: 425  266  g2  great  1
J: 426  270  g2  most  1
J: 427  272  picture  remote  1
J: 428  272  picture  mind-blowing  1
J: 429  273  g2  easy  1
J: 430  273  g2  intuitive  1
J: 431  282  result  selectable  1
J: 432  282  mode  available  1
J: 433  283  setting  vivid  1
J: 434  283  cf  neutral  1
J: 435  283  cf  low  1
J: 436  285  film  new  1
J: 437  285  film  panoramic  1
J: 438  287  canon  neat  1
J: 439  289  g3  white  1
J: 440  289  g3  much  1
J: 441  289  moment  sharper  1
J: 442  289  moment  white  1
J: 443  290  film  english  1
J: 444  290  film  straight  1
J: 445  292  setting  dim  -1
J: 446  292  camera  other  1
J: 447  293  g2  less  1
J: 448  293  g2  real  1
J: 449  294  image  best  1
J: 450  294  megapixel  current  1
J: 451  294  megapixel  >  1
J: 452  294  result  tonal  1
J: 453  295  g3  little  1
J: 454  301  g3  low  1
J: 455  301  shutter  few  1
J: 456  302  mode  many  1
J: 457  302  picture  blurry  -1
J: 458  304  camera  awesome  1
J: 459  304  camera  pro-sumer  1
J: 460  305  camera  digital  1
J: 461  306  g3  5mp  1
J: 462  306  g3  more  1
J: 463  306  g3  megapixel  1
J: 464  307  camera  casual  1
J: 465  307  camera  artistic  1
J: 466  307  camera  photographic  1
J: 467  308  camera  main  1
J: 468  308  camera  easy  1
J: 469  309  camera  great  1
J: 470  310  zoom  great  1
J: 471  310  zoom  great  1
J: 472  310  zoom  optical  1
J: 473  310  picture  great  1
J: 474  311  lcd  friendly  -1
J: 475  311  lcd  casual  1
J: 476  311  lcd  little  1
J: 477  311  lcd  small  1
J: 478  311  picture  raw  1
J: 479  312  camera  solid  1
J: 480  313  picture  sharp  1
J: 481  313  picture  5mp  1
J: 482  313  picture  great  1
J: 483  313  picture  easy  1
J: 484  314  lcd  limited  1
J: 485  314  lcd  useful  -1
J: 486  318  camera  nice  1
J: 487  318  picture  sharp  -1
J: 488  321  zoom  4mp  1
J: 489  321  zoom  4x  1
J: 490  321  zoom  optical  1
J: 491  321  picture  beautiful  1
J: 492  321  camera  above  1
J: 493  321  camera  5mp  1
J: 494  321  camera  easy  1
J: 495  321  lcd  great  1
J: 496  321  lcd  swivel  1
J: 497  321  lcd  add-on  1
J: 498  321  lcd  great  -1
J: 499  321  lcd  last  1
J: 500  321  lcd  least  1
J: 501  322  camera  digital  1
J: 502  323  camera  other  1
J: 503  323  camera  great  1
J: 504  323  camera  sure  1
J: 505  323  camera  many  1
J: 506  323  camera  own  1
J: 507  325  picture  great  -1
J: 508  327  camera  great  1
J: 509  329  picture  so-so  1
J: 510  329  picture  spectacular  1
J: 511  330  megapixel  plenty  1
J: 512  331  g2  lighter  1
J: 513  331  g2  more  1
J: 514  332  picture  sure  1
J: 515  332  picture  big  1
J: 516  332  picture  compactflash  1
J: 517  332  picture  32mb  1
J: 518  332  picture  512mb  1
J: 519  332  picture  inexpensive  1
J: 520  334  camera  digital  1
J: 521  334  shot  precious  1
J: 522  335  camera  digital  1
J: 523  337  film  same  1
J: 524  338  film  cool  1
J: 525  340  time  most  1
J: 526  340  camera  well-behaved  1
J: 527  342  picture  indefinite  1
J: 528  348  g3  new  1
J: 529  351  lens  first  1
J: 530  353  camera  many  1
J: 531  353  camera  unresponsive  -1
J: 532  353  camera  film-based  1
J: 533  354  canon  own  1
J: 534  356  picture  bright  1
J: 535  359  olympus  direct  1
J: 536  359  olympus  fast  1
J: 537  359  olympus  responsive  1
J: 538  365  moment  blow-out-the-candles  1
J: 539  366  camera  digital  1
J: 540  367  time  enough  1
J: 541  367  time  real  1
J: 542  371  g3  same  1
J: 543  371  film  current  1
J: 544  372  olympus  disposable  1
J: 545  373  g3  digital  1
J: 546  375  camera  first  -1
J: 547  375  camera  digital  -1
J: 548  375  camera  happier  -1
J: 549  379  picture  better  1
J: 550  379  lens  good  1
J: 551  382  camera  best  1
J: 552  382  camera  4mp  1
J: 553  383  picture  digital  1
J: 554  386  camera  exhustive  1
J: 555  389  camera  previous  1
J: 556  390  camera  loose  -1
J: 557  392  lens  concerned  -1
J: 558  400  picture  few  1
J: 559  400  picture  few  1
J: 560  402  canon  obvious  1
J: 561  404  canon  needless  -1
J: 562  406  film  more  1
J: 563  406  film  perfect  1
J: 564  407  mode  new  1
J: 565  407  mode  advanced  1
J: 566  408  camera  worth  1
J: 567  409  point  incredible  1
J: 568  413  camera  last  1
J: 569  413  camera  digital  1
J: 570  414  camera  digital  1
J: 571  414  time  long  1
J: 572  416  camera  glad  1
J: 573  417  camera  happy  1
J: 574  419  mode  able  1
J: 575  420  camera  intuitive  1
J: 576  420  camera  big  1
J: 577  422  g3  standard  1
J: 578  424  zoom  optical  1
J: 579  424  zoom  awesome  1
J: 580  425  camera  little  1
J: 581  425  camera  minor  1
J: 582  425  lens  visible  1
J: 583  426  camera  last  1
J: 584  426  camera  digital  1
J: 585  426  camera  best  1
J: 586  427  camera  last  -1
J: 587  427  camera  few  -1
J: 588  427  camera  digital  -1
J: 589  427  shot  hard  -1
J: 590  428  zoom  best  1
J: 591  428  zoom  optical  1
J: 592  428  camera  available  1
J: 593  428  camera  easy  1
J: 594  430  camera  more  1
J: 595  430  camera  digital  1
J: 596  433  film  other  1
J: 597  434  g2  happy  1
J: 598  435  camera  beautiful  1
J: 599  436  g2  curvy  1
J: 600  438  cf  stunning  1
J: 601  438  cf  sharp  1
J: 602  438  camera  excellent  1
J: 603  438  camera  better  1
J: 604  438  camera  other  1
J: 605  439  camera  little  1
J: 606  439  camera  digital  1
J: 607  439  camera  best-designed  1
J: 608  439  camera  most-elegant  1
J: 609  439  g3  squashed  1
J: 610  441  camera  first  1
J: 611  441  camera  digital  1
J: 612  443  picture  able  -1
J: 613  443  picture  high  -1
J: 614  443  picture  bulky  1
J: 615  445  olympus  nikon  1
J: 616  446  camera  best  1
J: 617  446  camera  round  1
J: 618  449  camera  easier  1
J: 619  449  camera  5mp  1
J: 620  453  picture  raw  1
J: 621  454  shutter  complete  1
J: 622  456  camera  first  1
J: 623  456  camera  digital  1
J: 624  459  time  much  1
J: 625  459  olympus  other  1
J: 626  460  camera  happy  1
J: 627  466  picture  cool  1
J: 628  467  olympus  digital  1
J: 629  468  picture  hi-ti  1
J: 630  468  picture  dye-sub  1
J: 631  469  film  more  1
J: 632  470  camera  many  1
J: 633  471  film  better  1
J: 634  471  film  most  1
J: 635  475  time  best  -1
J: 636  475  time  extra  1
J: 637  476  picture  easier  1
J: 638  478  camera  digital  1
J: 639  479  film  poor  -1
J: 640  479  film  short  1
J: 641  479  time  slow  -1
J: 642  479  camera  digital  1
J: 643  481  camera  new  1
J: 644  481  camera  digital  1
J: 645  482  film  many  1
J: 646  482  camera  good  1
J: 647  482  camera  many  1
J: 648  484  slr  short  1
J: 649  484  slr  new  1
J: 650  484  lens  expensive  -1
J: 651  484  film  several  1
J: 652  486  camera  professional  1
J: 653  488  camera  excellent  1
J: 654  489  camera  different  1
J: 655  489  camera  such  1
J: 656  489  camera  best  1
J: 657  489  camera  digital  1
J: 658  491  camera  excellent  1
J: 659  496  camera  general  1
J: 660  496  camera  most  1
J: 661  496  camera  digital  1
J: 662  497  camera  good  1
J: 663  497  camera  less  1
J: 664  497  camera  dark  -1
J: 665  499  time  short  1
J: 666  500  camera  greatest  1
J: 667  500  camera  4mp  1
J: 668  506  slr  pro  1
J: 669  506  slr  good  1
J: 670  506  slr  manual  1
J: 671  507  result  good  1
J: 672  509  result  better  1
J: 673  510  g3  big  1
J: 674  510  g3  digital  1
J: 675  510  g3  large  1
J: 676  510  g3  mobile  1
J: 677  511  point  negative  -1
J: 678  512  image  small  1
J: 679  515  g3  unnerving  -1
J: 680  517  unit  fragile  -1
J: 681  517  camera  worth  1
J: 682  517  camera  good  1
J: 683  520  mode  fragile  -1
J: 684  521  flash  built-in  1
J: 685  521  camera  small  1
J: 686  521  camera  main  1
J: 687  522  canon  other  1
J: 688  522  canon  powerful  1
J: 689  522  canon  expensive  -1
J: 690  523  mode  horrible  -1
J: 691  524  camera  better  1
J: 692  524  camera  minor  1
J: 693  525  point  good  1
J: 694  526  camera  mind-blowing  1
J: 695  527  canon  easy  1
J: 696  529  image  excellent  1
J: 697  530  result  good  1
J: 698  530  result  excellent  1
J: 699  531  g3  more  1
J: 700  531  g3  good  1
J: 701  532  point  advanced  1
J: 702  532  point  serious  1
J: 703  533  camera  first  1
J: 704  533  camera  digital  1
J: 705  534  film  relevant  1
J: 706  535  g3  extensive  1
J: 707  536  camera  best  1
J: 708  537  camera  finest  1
J: 709  539  picture  great  1
J: 710  539  picture  medical  1
J: 711  539  mode  terrific  1
J: 712  540  camera  closest  1
J: 713  540  camera  perfect  1
J: 714  541  camera  closest  1
J: 715  541  camera  perfect  1
J: 716  541  megapixel  other  1
J: 717  543  canon  glad  1
J: 718  543  canon  4mp  1
J: 719  543  canon  new  1
J: 720  552  picture  digital  1
J: 721  552  picture  other  1
J: 722  552  shot  certain  1
J: 723  552  result  other  1
J: 724  554  camera  great  1
J: 725  555  picture  fabulous  1
J: 726  555  picture  short  1
J: 727  557  shot  full  1
J: 728  557  shot  least  1
J: 729  558  flash  512mb  1
J: 730  558  flash  compact  1
J: 731  558  shot  full  1
J: 732  558  shot  4mp  1
J: 733  558  picture  3lb  1
J: 734  558  shot  hard  -1
J: 735  558  shot  long  1
J: 736  558  shot  extra  1
J: 737  559  flash  compact  1
J: 738  559  flash  delicate  1
J: 739  563  lens  only  1
J: 740  563  lens  many  1
J: 741  563  lens  clean  1
J: 742  564  lens  best  1
J: 743  568  picture  great  1
J: 744  568  picture  solid  1
J: 745  569  lens  previous  1
J: 746  569  lens  negative  -1
J: 747  569  lens  lower  1
J: 748  569  lens  left  1
J: 749  569  lens  stunning  1
J: 750  570  g2  several  1
J: 751  570  g3  such  1
J: 752  570  shot  continuous  1
J: 753  570  lens  optical  1
J: 754  575  camera  expedited  1
J: 755  583  time  inept  -1
J: 756  585  mode  timely  1
J: 757  588  camera  major  1
J: 758  589  lcd  bottom  1
J: 759  589  lcd  left  1
J: 760  590  canon  technical  1
J: 761  590  camera  defective  -1
J: 762  591  lcd  most  1
J: 763  592  camera  great  1
J: 764  594  lens  much  1
J: 765  597  zoom  longer  1
J: 766  597  zoom  more  1
J: 767  597  flash  hot  1
J: 768  597  flash  external  1
J: 769  597  flash  remote  1
J: 770  598  canon  nikon  1
J: 771  598  g3  due  1
J: 772  598  g3  comfortable  1
J: 773  601  megapixel  noticeable  1
J: 774  602  lens  larger  1
J: 775  602  picture  better  1
J: 776  602  picture  low  1
J: 777  602  zoom  4-times  1
J: 778  602  zoom  optical  1
J: 779  603  lcd  moveable  1
J: 780  603  lcd  great  1
J: 781  604  shot  best  -1
J: 782  605  unit  tiny  1
J: 783  605  unit  postage-stamp  1
J: 784  605  unit  remote  1
J: 785  605  unit  wonderful  1
J: 786  606  camera  good  1
J: 787  606  camera  sturdy  1
J: 788  606  camera  new  1
J: 789  606  camera  remote  1
J: 790  606  camera  remarkable  1
J: 791  606  camera  indoor  1
J: 792  606  camera  natural-light  1
J: 793  607  flash  hot  1
J: 794  607  flash  sophisticated  1
J: 795  609  picture  greatest  1
J: 796  609  flash  built-in  1
J: 797  609  picture  flat  1
J: 798  609  picture  annoying  -1
J: 799  609  flash  good  1
J: 800  609  flash  add-on  1
J: 801  609  unit  almost-natural  1
J: 802  610  g3  real  1
J: 803  612  g3  different  1
J: 804  612  canon  smaller  1
J: 805  613  shutter  aperature  -1
J: 806  613  shutter  light  -1
J: 807  613  shutter  clear  1
J: 808  614  setting  automatic  1
J: 809  614  setting  comfortable  1
J: 810  614  setting  manual  1
J: 811  616  g3  blown-out  1
J: 812  616  g3  better  1
J: 813  617  mode  digital  1
J: 814  618  camera  on-off  1
J: 815  618  camera  flimsy  -1
J: 816  618  camera  awkward  -1
J: 817  618  camera  tiny  1
J: 818  618  camera  little  1
J: 819  618  camera  lock-out  1
J: 820  620  picture  highest  1
J: 821  622  shot  remote  1
J: 822  622  image  digital  1
J: 823  623  image  internal  1
J: 824  624  time  same  1
J: 825  626  camera  digital  1
J: 826  626  camera  easier  1
J: 827  627  camera  bottom  1
J: 828  627  camera  serious  1
J: 829  627  camera  digital  1
J: 830  627  camera  digital  1
J: 831  628  flash  sure  1
J: 832  628  flash  separate  1
J: 833  628  time  same  1
J: 834  630  camera  pleased  1
J: 835  631  time  gray  1
J: 836  632  setting  mixed-light  1
J: 837  634  shutter  first  1
J: 838  634  shutter  camera-determined  1
J: 839  634  shutter  lighter  1
J: 840  634  shutter  darker  -1
J: 841  639  camera  comfortable  1
J: 842  639  camera  easy  1
J: 843  639  picture  best  1
J: 844  639  picture  digital  1
J: 845  640  camera  best  1
J: 846  640  camera  non-slr  1
J: 847  640  camera  digital  1
J: 848  642  g3  hands-on  1
J: 849  642  image  outstanding  1
J: 850  642  image  superior  1
J: 851  643  flash  external  1
J: 852  643  flash  available  1
J: 853  644  camera  many  1
J: 854  645  camera  point-and-shoot  -1
J: 855  645  camera  finer  1
J: 856  646  camera  best  1
J: 857  646  camera  non-slr  1
J: 858  646  camera  digital  1
J: 859  648  film  nikon  1
J: 860  648  megapixel  amazing  1
J: 861  649  canon  better  1
J: 862  650  camera  best  1
J: 863  650  camera  digital  1
J: 864  651  flash  compact  1
J: 865  652  setting  fine  1
J: 866  652  setting  close  1
J: 867  653  camera  nikon  1
J: 868  653  camera  better  1
J: 869  654  camera  only  -1
J: 870  654  camera  minor  -1
J: 871  654  camera  boxy  -1
J: 872  654  shot  slow  -1
J: 873  655  camera  best  1
J: 874  655  camera  digital  1
J: 875  655  camera  available  1
J: 876  656  camera  great  1
J: 877  656  g2  less  1
J: 878  657  camera  great  1
J: 879  658  canon  proven  1
J: 880  660  point  heavy  1
J: 881  660  camera  great  1
j:  882
i:  883
BUILD SUCCESSFUL (total time: 7 minutes 17 seconds)
